add a more clear pointer to what is supported for packaging (#7924)
cri-o/cri-o: install.md

### Installation Instructions

> For 1.29 and above, please follow [crio-packaging](https://github.com/cri-o/packaging/blob/main/README.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For 1.29 and above, please follow the instructions in the [CRI-O packaging repository.](https://github.com/cri-o/packaging/blob/main/README.md).
```

Author: updated.
